What? What? This is plastic. He can’t fly.
Our wedding night at the convent seemed so far away.
let me try it one more time. no, I can do it alone. thank you
Oh great. How am I going to convince the boys that it was an accident?
I lay down shaken by long shiver.
don’t tell me. I missed them. run! run! look
Forget about your wife and your potatoes.
Do you want to come down, Ricardo? Don't look, nasty.
We finally have something to celebrate in the Estrella.
But those comment are hurtful.
Shortly, we would lose the range to follow him.
God damn, Ricado, it’s just...
But...listen, Roberto.
Hey, attendant! Are you talking to me?
Oh! There is only one.
A fifteen year old Tapatía that lives right here.
Very good, move back! Move back, cannibals!
However, everything is blood from Our Lord Jesus Christ.
Class has ended, you can leave.
You’re such a charm.
one lion standing!
But it can't be true
no, what do you mean no?
It’s such a nasty morning!
Pinocchio. It’s my favorite tale. It’s really cool.
I love you too.
Probably hiding in another cabin.
The bedroom was invaded by a sunlight so playful, alive, and joyful...
All of us will help you to put the flooring.
A marble, for example?
Close the door when there’s wind.
The bubble is too big that it doesn’t let me think.
Me either.
Whichever you want.
Because I am your faithful friend.
do you have any allergies?
officer, I have an idea
The small bells rang with a light ringing, beams of odorous stubbles burned in the fire,
We can see the toys...
She smiled, disdainfully.
There are things that are not decided.
I’m okay. I’m great. I’m fucking alright.
To err is human; to forgive, divine.
The marquise came in without looking at me.
That's why I need you to do me a favor.
I want to ride the pony.
Listen carefully, we must place the hasps.
Do not hoard what you can't or won't use.
We need an additional rehearsal.
Responsibility is a quality that you don’t have.
Girl, I don't know what drink you gave me that I can't remember anything...
This is an intergalactic emergency. I should check on our navy.
It came, woman and Britain of Spain.
We, still pretty far away.
48 Pel. Hang in there.
To prevent infection from spreading through the ship.
He laughed the wine in the glasses, and the Spanish guitar, sultana of the party
And now the difficult part. Pliers!
We turned left.
don’t you hear me?
The Indian avoided it, playing with the light with the dexterity of a wild.
They advanced, laboriously, while burying the helmets in the black and shifting sand.
The steward tilted his head, sad:
No, my love.
Is there anything new with Wilson? Nothing.
For cervical incompetence.
Until further notice.
Bad, sir.
I promise you that, if work as a team and we aren’t afraid...
in any moment we will be carried away
Very good, the first item of the today's agenda.
We will fall and break into pieces before stabilizing the ship.
It is very rare, ducks eat everything.
but nothing happens
I have been sleeping with the window open for days.
I replied vaguely:
They meditated for a moment and then, murmur slow and late:
Welcome to the club of bans by Ainhoa.
Suddenly, the gentle and humble voice of the Indian comes to my ear once more:
Julia, please.
I guess this is part of being friends.
Very good, Ramiro. Very good, congratulations.
The kiss of the end.
Turned into a crater.
He looked out the window, and remained silent while looking down the road.
He received it in silence and he passed it to me in silence.
If the sun pains, it brings the rains.
Made a pole of the ocean floor.
Let’s all say “Goodbye, home!
I am sorry, really sorry.
The sensorineural stimulation has not had the expected intensity.
let’s see that I found out
Because I love you.
Bravely knocked down on the eyebrows, those broad hat beavers, wearing silver headscarves, big-headed, and martial ones.
The dry leaves dance along with the plastic bags and paper tissues.
I don’t feel like attending any weddings.
Piti, we are about to fall off the edge.
I have to ask you a favor.
This is ... the San Basilio Bird, isn't it?
How isn’t it possible to give up the country. Me. Spaniard and Gentleman.
That is not love, you’re sick. Sick.
If you play with the bull, you get the horns.
A female voice screaming from far.
When I’m scared, it calms me down.
It is not a flying toy.
We are not taking risks.
it hurts me a lot, Julia
Twelve hours away from land at a duck-flight speed.
Maybe we are ossified.
Can I help you fill the talk? Sure! And I'll let you drive.
It’s been a while since I’ve read a book, and a hard book cover at that.
That with my weight there are about eighty meters
Hurry up! Hold my tail
Tell me, have you forgotten Ulises?
The room is spinning when you come in though that door.
I hear a turbine, a turbine.
The man from Valencia had tattooed arms.
It's showtime. It's time.
If you want to live healthy, wake up early on summer.
Will you throw me out of the window as well?
Really, very good, friend. Ainhoa, I am sorry.
There has been a downpour, and we are totally wet!
Pull, let’s play.
Weird or not weird?
This stateroom is one of their favorite hiding places.
Are you going far?
He still smiled at me from the door.
Take it! Fuck! Take it!
From top to bottom and left to right.
We can slide with out flipping out, believe me, we can make it.
Chapter Sixteen
my God! it’s land, it’s land!
I’m sorry, it was me.
All of them are in boxes, idiot! There are bigger!
Sweet dreams.
Thank you. You're welcome.
Ay! out, stupid dog! down! down!
We’ll be back to Veracruz.
It worked. It works.
Well, advise the people to ride afterward.
We will be talking with more space.
These drawings tell the story of this ship.
OK, you can. I will remove my make-up.
The butler's pupils gleamed under gray eyebrows:
All inside the ship. Now! Let’s go! Go!
it’s the American night of poets
My master!
He who doesn’t know is like he who doesn’t see
It was unacceptable for Heaven to forgive the Chole girl.
When Chole girl reappeared in the backyard.
The fevers that will come.
Keep out of reach of children.
call your sister. Valeria!
Listen to me, no matter who they are, they don’t want us to find them.
It’s like when you eat fried chicken in the beach.
Are you coming from Arbeca?
In us, Vilma.
this makes me angry... ok see you later!
Awaken the desire,
When they saw me, they made a gentle and polite action.
let’s see if he tells me he doesn’t care
From far away, we can hear the monotonous sound of the paddling.
The Spanish adventurers, sons of Alarico, the barbarian, and Tarik, the Moorish.
I have set the ship 15 degrees southeast.
Fairs had started, those famous fairs from Grijalba...
And to leave no doubt, two tears fell from her eyes.
Maybe you’re afraid I’ll leave you?
Those eyes of Indian queen were downhearted and shiny:
The football season starts before the previous football season.
Ainhoa, go to the cabin, get your sister, and take her.
La Dalila " was still anchored under the Castillo de Ulua,
Without taking the eyes of the wave that silver-plate the moon:
They’re not hours, man.
We are alive, that means that any moment.
the house, built by a viceroy
the streets are sweep very badly
Or they look they are good when they are not.
Slow and steady gets you there in better shape.
Then, he told me:
Let’s try to land, boys.
I have bled, Julia.
You start to be someone else when your kid is born.
Because you are a toy. You are a toy.
Many!
And you are going to dance with her.
I’m turning ten degrees east. Let’s keep trying to follow that duck.
Of lies and kidnappings.
I come in peace. Tell me how is outdoors
Of us, of all decisions we make.
Maybe to Nueva Sigüenza?
I can’t help you. I can’t help anyone.
I have believed in them when they are dead
I followed the stewardesses.
Nothing, De la Cuadra has nothing special.
That can’t be, Ricardo. No.
His face seems familiar.
He is determined. For saying it some way.
he was considered the king of pirates
The Saturday starts the Fiesta Mayor.
From the top of the chairs they threw the bags.
The Wise Men. What do you think? About the Three Wise Men.
But Vilma told me that she wants that we live together.
Drink two liters of water, every day
The black man muses tightening his leper lips:
Are you leaving already?
I bet you that it will rise. Don't worry you're tied
I am not afraid anymore.
Mommy, what is that? It’s a huge package.
He didn’t want me to touch her.
How could they do such horrible things?
Throw to the table, throw to the table.
Thank you so much. Your welcome.
He follows me, proposes blind dates.
What do you mean you don’t know? I mean that I don’t know.
Let’s prove this ship is a party! Alright?
You built a hidden horning beacon.
An old majorat!
Still thinking ugly stuff, shit.
The desserts that they will give to others.
When he came back from migration, I was twelve years old and barely remembered him.
The duck has defecated vegetable seeds.
risked a miserable tostón and grumbling he walked away.
I hate you and nothing in this world can change that.
No, no, don't close, don't close.
I don’t have a father or a mother, not even a dog to keep me company.
No, listen, I fucked up.
Because this bed is my place.
he sighed for the past loves
An elephantine black, with a silk suit dripping wet.
The little line. If she does not start from scratch.
Bubble, come back! Bubble!
For the resistance.
I just want it to be clear to you.
My legs are like those of a man.
The nephew always used to pay for the Fantas.
queen and madam, watch your dream.
Do you want it with minibar and water bed?
Is she a novice?
From what I have seen it’s good, right?
Part of the current, you know Ramiro can do it.
to throw a potato it’s always starboard
Alright, come on, let’s go to the slaughterhouse.
I do not like it Vilma.
IT was the great sin of old tragedies.
I think it was a satyr.
Wind up the frog.
I like surprises and searching them on all over my house.
Not only of bread the man lives.
The gym teacher has taken off from work.
She was undecided for a moment, with tremulous lips.
Alone like the moon, like the abandoned dogs.
We Spaniards are divided into two big groups.
Meanwhile, the groom came back and remained waiting in a distance, silent and humble.
Ainhoa, they made me believe that Ulises liked me.
You are a toy! You can't fly!
Let’s go and get them!
What are you doing? Come down here!
They authorized the launch?
Sadness became to cover my soul and to romantically whisper.
put down the harpoons
Let’s search the ship to see if there is someone on board.
I have always wanted to put a space man in orbit.
Man, the bikini looks a lot, but...
But you know that there will always be a special place for you.
This is not a moment to get scared.
Swearing to tear my guts out and promising to drink all my blood.
The eyes of the butler were full of tears.
They panicked.
For sailing maneuvers. We will get close.
The storm is bringing us some fresh air.
Let's see… In regards to what happened I think that,
It’s better a bad leg than two good crutches.
That’s how the hellish journey of the ancient in the Carón boat should be
Right now. No, she’s a liar!
Well, tell Ricardo he has to meet the expectations.
The ones from the block will go up!
I felt a horrific and sinister feeling inside myself.
They continue to love me, no questions asked,
Just remember what your old friend said.
They lack grace, that is in the salty style of the food.
You better put your shoes on if you want to dance.
I don’t know. What do you mean when you say that you don’t know?
What are you doing here?
At that moment, the broom came to tell him that they have saddled up.
That under the light, acquired a faint golden color of marine candles.
Ne, ne, ne.
He turned the deck around and started throwing.
Big and strange flowers trembled over the smooth crystal between the green and disgusting seaweeds.
It’s a long story. I will explain it later.
This cultural dynamic frustrates me.
Mi shirt is yellow color.
Now, boarding on gate three.
There were all kinds of people.
I smiled incredulously, and she, pulling from my arms, ran to the bottom of the cell.
She moaned angrily:
Well, it’s not good to think too much on it, it’s not the time.
It’s obvious that you don’t care anymore, but...
That my heart, which is always willing to forgive, was moved.
Then we fell asleep.
What? I can dream, right?
Climb, messing up milk. Climb!
Congratulations. Congratulations, the righteous, eh?
Stay still! Stay still!
Please allow me to help you.
This is a quality sound system.
The third plant is infectious.
Go then, then.
And to be a week walking like Robocop.
Bring up one feet and the other.
Every moment is a further step towards death.
Of Three Wise Men, but ... I see you got a
Valeria. Valeria.
Tell me who you’re with and I’ll tell you who you are.
The artists of the square protested naked.
I mean, given that you are friend of Palomares,
I hear you loud and clear.
There is something unforgettable in life.
A man who is prevented is worth two men.
But we can collaborate, we can be together in this.
Do you hear me? I love you!
Even if they were twenty.
well, neither so many, just three
It's too short! We need more monkeys!
Still alive and you won’t eat it, monsters!
I’m really sorry.
It is better to be seen by grace than being funny.
What if he can’t count the bows? What if we can’t leave?
I'm the one who should be on that rocket.
Negative. There are no restrictive harnesses in the loading area.
Do you see the closet? The bottom drawers.
Well I counted eight seconds.
How far is Hacienda de Tixul?
hello, little lady
I went away without trying to comfort her.
Now give your soul to the Lord.
The game continued just like before.
They have some menthol that works very well.
Because I did not scream to the world that I love you,
Stand strong, like the house built on the rock.
It is possible to know the exact place where the island is.
Able to get the exact coordinates from the box.
If Valeria wants a little brother we shall grant her desire,
There are things that can’t be avoided.
It was a constant and scary beating of wings darkening the sun.
First Marisa and now...
Okay, on my command!
Cowards on the reconciliations.
far beyond the moon there are stars
It’s never too late to do something and show it.
The drift cable of the lighting rod.
Hey, brunette!
If you drink more, you eat less.
Ok, the same has happened to me a little bit.
Oh! ... Who would that be?
Julia, Julia.
Don’t talk to me about importance.
Girl, we will be back to Veracruz.
There are songs that I’ll never forget.
I like the beach more than the mountains.
We were sometime in silence.
Well, goodbye. Goodbye.
Tomorrow, I will go to the homeopath.
Palomares, you must celebrate a mass. some of us want to commune.
I have no one.
OK, you make a joke out of it.
That’s good.
You have been chosen. You have to go.
I've seen tracks. I just came from the kitchen.
I hadn't planned on taking a shower. Ulises, please,
Direct to the boat of the intruders.
You are my favorite delegate.
We have enough medicines on board to control the outbreak.
Silent and sighing, she stroked my forehead with her fairy fingers:
Neither in the commandments nor in the vows.
The cemetery of commanders was there.
Oh, don’t worry about it, honey.
It is an old lighthouse ship like ours.
I am talking to you, loud-mouth.
I spent the hours watching the fade of the frigate
Even if we’d stay underwater for a while,
You are a tough guy, right?
How did I get stuck with you, friend of moving?
I’m coming to Necoxtla.
Intermittent laser beam.
It is just that I am looking for Valeria.
That is why we brought you with us. Do you remember?
Tell me, to start something, kiss her.
Are you afraid?
And it’s not with whites, kid!
Even though the world sinks, even though the Sun and the Moon hide.
It’s in the bathroom. He shitted himself. He shitted himself!
I found a spaceship!
That can't be, it doesn't make sense.
To say things as they are.
What, love? What was that?
You know they have seen you.
It's fake, Valeria.
Good, guys, good! Up!
Under the sheet the bed is cold and you...
Under the hangers. That thing, under the bench.
There is no doubt, it is her!
Do you want to come and help me?
The dog had been adopted, and it was very good.
You have to eat three fruits per day.
The skiff pitches to the side of the frigate.
We found them yesterday. We saw them six miles away.
I had just a couple hours to tour that Indian village.
All that mystery, just for this?
We are formulating another plan!
He was a very attractive boy; both physically and intellectually.
When you’re hungry anything is good.
Since yesterday, I wanted to ask you to look forward.
On the bottom of the boat since we sail.
Well, we have to do something then.
We have to leave from here, now.
In the absence of our loved ones,
To our families, to tell them that we are alive.
I don’t need your humanitarian help. Thank you.
Excuse me, ladies. Be right back.
Let’s go, carefully. Piti, the clothespins.
What we all have been wishing to find, earth.
The old man with a big goatee and the waiter still beardless.
because I don’t care that the people I love can’t prepare themselves
You must immediately activate the security protocol.
Don’t think you know me so well.
I’m pregnant, of you.
And the Chole girl had that beautiful idol attitude.
Barley on the tail of the dead horse
Your dirty magazines and love don’t match. They don’t match.
She has it in that bag, I saw her hide it.
Palomares, come with me.
At that moment the Niña Chole approached, and the nun, looking at her pleased, muttered:
Forget what I told you. I’m asking you to tell me what you saw.
They... They have been killed.
We will go at dawn.
A bullet? From who?
I thought I was growing scales.
Well, these little ants mean...
To the same stateroom, without a first appointment.
Get out immediately from the ship and go back to your raft.
The glorious battles of high sound names!
Has courage read it already?
What does an space guardian really do?
To the voices of the black person did all the offspring turn.
As a large family.
One hundred fifty thousand? A zillion?
Swimming helps on thinking and I have deployed my anchor.
Happy Night of the Three Kings, Julia.
The two of them is one and the same.
When the roses-crowned youth sacrificed in the Aphrodite altars.
That you don’t need anyway.
They won’t find us. Anyway, they don’t even exist.
Now, the most delicate issue.
I will give them a lesson.
We have to look the minimal services.
like the one that ends with the first toast
Ainhoa and I we are together. you have been holding for so much
The land looks a little bit unstable.
It's been nine or ten hours.
I have a yellow tractor, which is what’s used now.
Abadesa mother had a beautiful aspect of minor nobility:
When there is something to inherit there will be always family inheritance disputes.
I told you can’t go out!
Of course.
He who follows it, gets it.
Palomares, the priest, no, the friend.
On a chance, turn right.
To philosophize on what is normal and what is not.
I judged that I could do no less than the same that the Marqués de Bradomín.
You have your fingers frozen and you can’t feel anything.
Have they been working long work days?
Well, we will do that. Leonor, I already told you.
I'm going to take care of this.
Are you unwell?
Chapter five.
Or anything else.
Nothing.
Faded profiles, laughing echoes, whispering of foreign languages.
Since we entered that field, a monstrous mob of cripples gathered around us, crying out:
To the people I love.
Doing well.
We, the opposition, are never dedicated to licking the ass of the Government.
The Saxon race is the most despicable on earth.
At the San Juan de Tegusco convent.
Do you think this is a good moment to talk about that?
You don’t realize it, but he’s using you.
There has to be another way out.
daddy! daddy! look!
Hiding something. If they want that nobody knows it.
Help! Help, please, help!
Representation and symbol of life.
Alright, I’ll go away. That’s it. Thanks.
There is a very thick fog.
The servants get out after her, and Chole girl stayed alone with me.
Far away, giant floating nymph islands floated in front of horses.
In that moment we were approaching the coast.
always, security, always, boy, very good
Can you put Julia on the phone? This is serious. A kiss.
We cannot do miracles, but I can administer something
That’s not a printer. That’s a transponder.
Hey, come on... come here...
And if you fall, I hope that you don’t land with your head because you could break your neck.
An emerging figure will soon eclipse us.
This duck hasn’t been on heaven or sea.
between exotic plants of rare scents, Aphrodite and penetrating
They were father and son.
In the dark background of the Middle East.
I want to talk to them. OK.
I came out accompanying an ancient slave which by seeing himself outside
The clothespin is our owner. The claw chooses who will go and who will stay.
I’m sorry, Estela
Please, stop!
It seems I’ve been accepted in their culture.
Gamboa, Gamboa, let’s go.
Sad stories remind me of my own.
Over my head, confused voices spoke and a subtle kicking of bare feet.
You should have grabbed them for a longer time.
Ok, and red paint. We need to paint a couple of light bulbs.
That sand can take months floating in the air.
Can I bring some toys? You can bring one toy.
On April there’s a lot of water.
We were waiting for you for a long time.
Doctor, that’s impossible, right?
It hasn’t been a month yet and the master lost it at the Huaxila ranch.
Of the good news. Sure.
I committed the most abominable sin.
We can only wait.
Without you. Well, without you I couldn’t made it.
Well, alone, alone, woman, no.
Can you do me a favor? Whatever you want.
Monkey see, monkey do.
Everybody up!
Do you need help. No?
They were filling their amphorae.
You will have them.
Ainhoa, go to the cabin, take your sister and leave.
I don't want bread or fish or people walking on water,
We do not have time to lose then.
I have gotten my hopes up for Valeria and I proposed her to expand our family.
How did you get here?
Can verbs be invented?
Girl Chole looked at me in a mocking way that looked like happy married vows.
But there's something I need to ask you.
She's not the one I like.
The smiles, hugs and caresses of people
Of killing him?
All the wrapping papers are wrinkled.
Too short. We need more monkeys.
I gave him 24 hours to think if he wants to move in with me.
They say he wasn’t to sleep with me.
It is a fly.
The current is too strong.
Three nubile Indians who looked like ladies-in-waiting ran to look for me according to his orders.
No, it wasn’t what I was expecting.
he acted, freezing:
I like that your daughter invited me.
He sighed after that:
But we don't move.
Those men are professionals. Those are the best ones.
Oh! Congratulations, David.
I'll be right back. Julia, I need to know.
It was in my pocket. Wow!
Do you hate me?
The Chole Girl mumbled eagerly:
Lot of work for nothing.
Do something fast! Close your eyes!
Something’s not right.
She ended up having twins.
So I have them too.
the hook decides who’s out and who’s in
Of his anxiety attacks.
And three also, and four ...
Hail Mary, the most pure!
no sister
Do you see there? It’s the duck.
Who would have thought I was capable of such atrocities?
Like this one.
ah! then Julia was in the ghost ship
Really, boy, if it get lost he won’t know how to get out from the hay.
I want you to gather all those things and get in.
I think you have drunk enough tea for today.
But they just opened the damned faucet and it does not work, it did not go.
Let's start from scratch, is it ok?
Oh my God!
I advise you to do the same.
Come on, ok, ok.
Alongside, so formal and discreet.
Shut up! Just shut up already, idiot!
I understand perfectly you know?
Direction Southwest-northwest. Don't worry. I'll take care of it.
Is that related to the priesthood?
The face of his late wife, are you sure?
stop winning and pay. No, not the ear
Stop it, you evil potato!
Oh, such a gentleman you are!
Seaweed mutants, fog so thick that it seems like granite.
Let's go to the back. No one will see us there.
there’s nothing between us
Either.
I was always very dumb in choosing the right moment.
Let’s do it. Place the boxes in lines of three by three.
No, I'm fine. I'm fine.
Because of the hematoma.
We will spend the night in this boat.
Hello. You’re always choking.
oh, you’re putting it upside down. you are putting it upside down!
Not even under the bed.
Their children, blackened and slender as devil.
They opened the sacristy’s door, which ground for a long time.
Piti, please.
I have seen a space ship. Does it has hyperpower?
torture the toys just for fun!
No, please.
It is a what? What is it?
One of them is us.
I, after contemplated her very intense, I leaned.
To prevent damage to the ship. OK. Restrain the chains.
And as they sat on the coconut trees of the sandbank, they ripped the branches off.
Leave your coat on the rack.
Guard your eyes!
The shore was blowing with fury, stirring and blowing the sands.
So, play fair.
eyes wide open, come on!
Can you hear me too? OK.
what are you talking about? where is the seaming tape?
The fierce arrogance that took his hand to his heart made me smile.
Who is it?
Well then take another toy. Come down now!
The nun closed the door and walked away like a shadow calling me with a vague gesture.
I’m really proud of you.
That pie looks so good!
With that inexplicable happiness that the power of love gives to all the women.
Second, get on deck immediately.
The priority is to ensure the safety of the citizens.
In a world full of water,
The Chole Girl got up and came to me.
I spent some time in Atalaya.
All eyes were motionless on the hand of jaroncho.
The nobleman's coat of arms still featured prominently over the arch of the door.
Ow! That delicious thrill that the overstimulated imagination communicated to the nerves!
You do not like me anymore!
A loaded Donkey loaded looks for a way out.
Only three things could have happened in this ship.
No, I'm not a surgeon or a veterinarian.
Not a single comment.
Look, in that house there is a boy that thinks you are the best.
He was pale and mute while he was taking her.
When they saw me standing up, they ran making a fuss to the house of their trills.
The problem or never again, Ramiro.
And cables, lots of cables. We can try to connect them.
The butler was the killer.
Don't get there, my friend, you can get stuck.
Until magnetism is fixed, electromagnetism...
Now, let's catch up that truck!
The Chole girl lean her head over my shoulder and sigh weakly.
more than two days, lord!
Because we are loved people.
It needs to be seen, at least by naked eyes.
So, I am taking her hangs between mine, lovingly I told her:
Gusts coming from virgin rainforests, warm and caressing like the breath of hot women.
I should be studying.
In front of 22 wankers.
That’s the thing. I can’t tell you.
No, I don’t think we will be allowed.
Nine merchants came out, four fishing ship,
And talk about our stuffs.
Ten, nine, eight, seven...
Please, please.
piti, come on , you are sick
No, it’s not the holidays, it’s just that...
Are we going to arrive at night?
This is the first time that I see all the kids laughing.
The ship is full of electricity.
I'm going to deck to smoke a cigar,
The Mother Abbess sighed, raising her eyes and crossing her hands.
To save just a few.
When they come and take the tray with strawberry yogurt.
The church’s bell tower, with the giant nest of vultures.
Is there in reality a ghost in the ship?
all the sudden a girl entered into your life
Ernesto, can you hear me? over.
And if you have to kill someone, just do it!
You see, I kiss the ground he walks on.
Well, sure, look at him. He has more gadgets than a swiss army knife.
Can you leave? I have to work.
Relatives and old junk, few and far away.
Today, while looking at the old scars and recalling how I overcame, I almost comfort myself.
Because I won't let them to abandon my people.
Let’s see, Vilma. What you have to do is breath profoundly, ok?
The nun strengthen by that fasting, asked:
Instead, she plays the harp.
And I think that nothing can change that.
Without opening my lips I offered my arms.
Valeria, have you seen my sister?
Vilma, please.
No, not my sheep! May someone do something!
That's what we're made for, right?
Mari Paz is going on vacations to Finland.
He was a great friend of my house.
Now approaching door three.
It’s been a difficult year for us.
with her smiley mouth and her brunette skin, Mrs. Chole was a temptation.
I’m sad because we have to split
It is lighting it! It is lighting it! Down on the ground!
My uncle and my brother get along really well.
Oh hey, it wasn't, uh, nothing.
No, no, wait. I can explain everything.
The bells of the convent touch mass.
The circle of players grew.
Nine, eight, seven, six...
is that the only destiny that deserves to be envied?
Brother Lope!
I still sigh when I remember him!
We can turn on the engine. Ramiro, it is impossible.
They went out on a sixty degree course, right where we are.
schedule a meeting and be happy
If you like it here we can settle in.
Help me get out of this thing. Hush!
It was by the seas of the east sea, going to Jafa.
With even knot. There is a tail end for everyone.
May God forgive his soul.
There! Juvenile intruders. I repeat myself. Recover your positions now!
We will give it to him, lord ... and later, the crown of Spain.
they have told him that he won’t have to be in prison.
The creole was in the garden stretched out on the hammock hanging by two trees.
Then wrap it and done.
Niña Chole looked down, blushing:
And my heart was embarrassed following those two sacred powers.
Don’t scream!
One week before us. Exactly.
Quick and chimerical, I seemed to breathe a soft, delicious, divine essence.
I know it.
I don’t want you to forget them.
They say he who sings sends his troubles away.
It’s food! Shall we dinner, then?
A prayer roamed asleep on their lips.
The dolls will be crazy for you. Will you show me that?
Girl, the head of Juan Guzmán is spread.
To its first officer.
The stars had turned pale slowly, and the blue sky was turning almost white.
Coming! Right now!
Now, the entrance is heavily guarded. We need a way in.
You are a nice toy.
Wow! Flashing laser light!
And with loud voices I ordered the grooms to saddle up to leave immediately.
We’re going southwest.
Ricardo, I understand you.
I don’t believe in mistakes in relationships.
Chapter 20.
But are their people available
Well, I am happy for you.
The other night beating was just a warning.
My survival instinct.
Can we leave it like this until we move? Well, sure.
Julia, can you open up?
They consume each other without kissing her again.
Anyway, now we have to walk the plank, bloody hell.
At the end, he spoke like this:
There is no evidence that it could happen.
Sometimes, when a big wave comes, it is best to get let go.
Come on! We are losing him! Let's go!
where gangs of bandits ruled
Those mercenaries didn’t hear her.
What if we forget each other?
The light of the spark plugs was fluctuating and the shadows were dancing on the walls.
They were all present when he did it.
It is rare, where they have never been.
let’s see if it holds, otherwise we will fall
Ulises, come and see this
It was an accident, guys.
You are a kid’s toy.
That's disgusting. Killer!
but i didn’t do it
I want to tell you that...
To sin without offending anyone.
Gamboa, I go first.
Ready, set, go!
Until she does something, until she comes.
She was white and blonde, of good grace and of great courtesy
This program is slow, very slow, it is unbearable!
The gathering was lovely and tempting.
Come on, let’s go.
Sir, not sir!
but don’t you think that the sea smells different today?
I should have held on longer.
You don't buy a horse without seeing him before the tooth.
it’s time! oh! it’s time!
Each one with a different shape and color.
They looked fascinated as her, by the whip of General Diego Bermúdez.
Where are you? Why are you taking so long?
The door. It is open! We are all free!
It has stopped...
Take care of Estela, please.
Tell this friendly toys that you are not dead.
Idiot! You are a toy! Use your karate jab!
I’ll send you a fax.
From breakfast.
It’s not the end of the world. Assume the highest charges.
Said the gypsy, may God give you lawsuit, and you beat them.
The forests of Campeche,
I repeat. Nobody leaves until further notice.
The social diversity of the country makes it more comfortable.
I’m so sorry Ricardo.
You always have the hand brake on.
All from nothing.
With the first lights of dawn I landed in Veracruz.
Amazing wings! Wonderful!
Oh! With great pleasure, they would have put you under their beautiful feet then for punishment!
He was pensive for a moment, and then, stroking his beard, he told me:
I kissed her hand and she, with a smile of strange cruelty, whispered:
Maybe it is me!
Mother Abbess smiled benevolent and then sighed:
Salvador, get on the roof and get some extra sheets!
Do not keep anything hanging on the deck.
Anything in dinosaur shapes? Oh, to cry out.
Do not tell me what I need to do.
Chapter Thirteen
We all deserve to have someone grieving us once we die.
for that we will have to sleep together tonight
With eyes turned to the sun, unmoving, hideous, indifferent like an old deity.
Bubble, look at my new princess glasses.
When he saw us, he ran to scare us with the whip, the ragged mob.
At that moment the old woman entered the room to say that the snack was ready.
For looking for answers that nobody gives us.
I see groups of naked boys throwing themselves from them and swimming long distances,
Come on, come on, calm down.
Then Pedro Aretino was our numen, and as sentences...
However, I asked:
It doesn’t scare me when the ship creaks,
Of air, it seems they were coming in pack.
They made us sit down and they remained standing.
The bottom of the bottle. Give me.
Let’s see. Tape. Here.
The bigger they are the harder they fall.
I love ships. Do you have any pictures?
It’s the girl that they sent us. Sir...
I called the Calella’s aunt because they thought today was my birthday.
I now have a roommate.
chapter nineteen
To say thanks.
A sin which only our holy father can absolve me.
I came to wake you up.
My ship landed here by mistake.
I don’t mind. We have to do it.
From time to time a rider entered the courtyard:
He solved the equation faster than we thought.
Some Indian little boys, almost naked, fought to swing it.
A job well done is something to be proud of.
Nuria smokes farias.
let’s see, Julia, this is impossible
It’s gone! All of it is gone.
Well, may I tell you something?
It is never late to do things right.
Thank you for saving my life. Thank you.
They could not be suspended in the water.
Whoever once saw them will never forget them.
It's tempered glass.
Everything was extremely silent and quiet.
One and another were made up of silent and martial people.
He finds and saves Little Red Riding Hood.
Even today, after having sinned so much, my mornings are triumphant.
Ok, don't scratch, my love.
Julia, I like that you play the same games with me that you play with her.
No, don’t leave!
He had fiery eyes and a severed hand.
You should eat more fruit because they have many nutrients.
Now that I do bowling and have a great future.
Come on, fast. Let’s go.
The Chole girl whispered to my ear:
Look where are you going! Excuse me.
The glass which the car’s windows are made of,
Because a stain of red foam colored the sea immediately.
Well, it happened again.
I am not dilated.
I'd give them the book and a babi like ours.
can you hear me? Do you love her that much?
There is no evil that lasts a hundred years.
I’ll see Mother Abadesa when appropriate.
Ask and they will tell you who General Diego Bermudez is.
Hold on. Oh no!
You have military knowledge. I want you to organize.
I can even understand that you partnered up with Palomares.
The jarocho sat up, dropping the deck with spite:
For my corde! The Birthday party is today!
They dispersed.
Those are the same pills that your wife was prescribed.
Chole girl needs anything?
Come on, Ulises, I haven’t even spoken to her.
Any other question?
We are half way, right?
W made it!
It's easier said than done.
Go back, everyone.
Ricardo, go on deck. Come on!
don’t shoot! easy, we are friends
We were drinking already, when I felt stopped by an arm.
I was hoping to stop there for a few hours.
Disaster for some, comforting for the dumb.
Those bodies a long time ago that provided food to the fishes.
He was big and dark, full of whispers and aromas.
It's breathable. I don't see signs of artificial life.
Did you put the fish in the fridge?
Behind, descended the canoe of a native who paddled sitting in the bow.
Be careful with those pills, they are quite strong.
Wow, you have flown amazing!
Sir, the horse that the girl rode has a horse shoe loosen.
It is Baby Jesus’ holy water!
If not, you can be wrong.
Sensual, innocent, white. Let’s see, he doesn’t get me.
Ok. Goodbye baby.
But… What if they are cannibals?
The Dehesa paths are made with gravel that gets into your sandals.
If it pleases you to know how far a good will would go, give me the order, Sir.
just like we sometimes need water, but we always emerge victorious
Let me put the bags here, Peanuts.
To this ray and to these...
I wanted first that Mrs. Chole un-braided his hair
Well, now life goes on.
we stayed all night on deck
and although we don’t want to, magnets do attract.
However, I whispered solved.
On the stern of the ship, with vests and flashlights.
all those Indians should have continue to the raptor of Mrs. Chole
You have wings! You bright in the dark! You talk!
I need your help.
It was a neighbor... a neighbor.
Less than a mile. And we go 14 knots and lowering the cloth.
Hey, hello, little friend.
Bubble, go to the garden on the deck.
If you want to tempt fate, your eagerness already knows where to find us.
I just want to be with you.
outlined the spot of a shark gang
Estela, I can’t.
But if you really want to thank me...
Come on! Ulises, to the ground, come on. Come on!
It is not in the protocol.
Without my legs failing me.
Sometimes I dream that I fall from bed.
The girl from Andalucía was laughing maliciously:
the lay sisters began to lift the tablecloths, and Mother Abbess entered the room smiling benevolently:
Hold on. Being a toy is much better than being a space ranger.
The other one stepped back, armed with a wide and gleaming knife
I tried to swim against the current.
That way, I would be... The dominant predator.
Julia, let’s go. Gamboa, please.
Life is full of new experiences each day
We turn around.
But it's the same. It's not, I'm telling you.
it’s going to work. It has to
Ok. I'll stay with you.
chapters nine and ten of Sonata de Estío, of Ramón María del Valle-Inclán
Come on, let’s rest. Good night, Ricardo.
Oh, I'm a lost toy!
Come on, guys. Come on.
That's because I helped you.
So the old man talked to him with impatience:
I have tried it from all the ways, but it ...
there are a lot of watercourses running right now
It is not here, Mom. It’s disappeared.
Once you start, you can’t stop.
Has my package arrived? I don’t know.
Flake!
In twenty four hours you tell me something.
Who was it?
I’m sure I would have destroyed it.
Birds of a feather flock together.
He’s a great guy.
We’ll go very slowly then.
Perjured eyes and saffron beards!
They don't have menthol, they just have sticks.
You are a man.
Just like a saint.
Are you gonna come quietly?
As we fall, I have to realize.
You are mad at me because I looked at that one before.
I’m not an space guardian. I’m just a toy.
By staring at his boyfriend.
and when he has no more fuel, he comes home.
If the moment arrives...
Are you in love? Is that a no?
oh you have been replaced? what did I say?
The nun, putting the headcloth over her forehead replied:
It is a good and bad one. Oh!
We hoist the rag, including the scandalous ones.
And let’s see if we can air out a little.
Crazy people and children always tell the truth.
Not even blows on the forehead.
They haven’t been it.
yes, of course. Give me a hug
I couldn’t begin from scratch.
With the rain, but this one has risen with the sun.
They don't fit the same in the twenties than in the forties.
Seven meters. Sound of footsteps.
I am dying to do it. Although, now it seems impossible.
The candles.
Please!... Please!
What you don’t one, other desires.
